CHAPTER: Entering the Monster’s Den

Here goes nothing. I knocked firmly on his door three times and waited for a response. The response I got was complete silence. Is he asleep…or did something bad happen to him?

I bit my lower lip as I knocked again on his door, this time harder and louder than before. Once again, all I heard was silence. There was no response or any sounds of movement on the other side of the door.

Hayden…are you ok?

I felt like time had frozen and everything was happening in slow motion as I reached out my hand grasp the doorknob. I took in a deep breath and held it before slowly turning it. It turned, the room was unlocked.

Hayden is on the other side of this door.

Slowly and quietly, I opened the door a crack, just wide enough so that I could see inside.

“Hayden!”

I cried out his name in shock at the scene that I saw before me. I opened the door wider and ran into the room without thinking any further. Hayden was lying unconscious on the floor with a large bookshelf that had toppled over very close to him. Thankfully, the bookshelf didn’t fall on top of him. But why is Hayden sleeping on the floor? Did he pass out here before he even reached the bed?

I didn’t know how a bookshelf this large could have toppled over but the books had fallen all over the floor. Did Hayden topple the bookshelf over because he was drunk?

Regardless, I should check first that Hayden is unharmed. Hopefully, he’s just sleeping but I had to make sure. I crouched down as silently as I could near his head as I stared at his sleeping face. He seems perfectly fine, I guess there was no need for me to be concerned. I let out a long breath that I hadn’t realized that I had been holding in relief. He’s not hurt, that’s good. Perhaps, I overreacted by just a little.

I could see Hayden’s face clearly as I crouched down close to him. His sleeping face was something that I had never seen before. He looks so innocent and cute while he’s sleeping. Unlike the devil he was when he was awake, Hayden looks like a harmless angel when he is peacefully sleeping. His light blond eyelashes were long, his brows were beautiful and elegant, and his hair seemed soft.

My eyes fell on his lips, and I immediately remembered the feel of these beautiful lips on mine, kissing me heatedly. I couldn’t stop looking at him and didn’t know how long I was just sitting there staring at his peaceful sleeping face. Since he looked like an adorable angel, I had the urge to reach out and touch his blond hair. Instinctively, I slowly reached out my hand towards his hair…

“Ah!” I cried out in shock.

With amazing speed, Hayden reached out his hand and grabbed my wrist. When did he wake up? Was he awake all this time…or was this just his outstanding reflexes? Suddenly, that hand that was holding was wrist began pulling me down. I let out a small cry as I felt my body falling forward until I was lying directly on top of Hayden.

What is going on? How did this happen?

“Hayden…” I called his name; however, I did not get a reply.

I began struggling to get up, but my effort was futile when Hayden started wrapping both his arms around my waist and my back, hugging me tightly to his body. I felt the whole length of his body against my own. Laying on top of him with our body pressed close to each other, I could feel the heat of his body and the hardness of his muscles under me.

“Hayden…let go…please” I said as I tried to untangle his arm from my body.

It was useless, he only hugged me tighter. I couldn’t move anymore. I looked at his face and saw that he was still sleeping, his eyes closed. I used my hands to push against his hard and muscular chest. Hayden did not stir at all, and his strong arms held me too tightly that I couldn’t free myself.

I stopped struggling since it was clearly unfruitful. When is Hayden going to wake up? Suddenly, Hayden began stroking his hands up and down my back. I felt the heat of his hand slide down my back before reaching under my shirt. I squirmed against his hold on me when I felt his large hands on the naked skin of my back.

This man is so perverted…he’s doing these things to me even in his sleep!

“Hayden…” I called out his name before letting out a soft moan.

His hands on my naked back began its journey lower down to my waist where he softly caressed my sensitive skin before dipping even lower. I let out a small cry when his manly hands reached and groped my buttocks, squeezing my flesh and pulling my hips closer to him.

“Ah…” I moaned a little louder.

His hot hands slipped inside my shorts and began massaging my ass directly. I was already panting, and my heart was beating so fast. His large manly hands continued to squeeze and tease my buttocks, while pushing my hips down against his own. I felt his hardness as our crotch grinded against each other. Hayden’s hips were moving, thrusting his hardness against my pussy as our hips grinded together with our clothes still on.

I felt my body grow weak in his hands as the pleasure he had stirred up in me started to take over. My mind felt numb, and my hips began to instinctively grind against his hardness. I can’t believe that I’m so turned on in this situation. Hayden’s eyes were still closed; however, his hands were as active as ever.

“Hayden!” I cried out his name when the world suddenly flipped over.